README.md, before:

ArduinoDES
==========

DES, TripleDES, NonupleDES encryption/decryption library for the Arduino microcontroller platform.
cloned from 'Octoate' orignal DES & 3DES:  https://github.com/Octoate/ArduinoDES
His code was ported from the AVR-Crypto-Lib (http://www.das-labor.org/wiki/AVR-Crypto-Lib).

To install the library, download and copy the files into a subfolder (e.g. "DES") in the 
"libraries" folder of your Arduino development environment.

The library was tested on a:   ...


Usage
=====

It is possible to encrypt and decrypt messages with the DES, 3DES & 9DES crypto algorithms.
Have a look at the example code for more information.


License
=======

9DES added by ian918m 2014.  -- happy Cinqo de Mayo.

Library for DES and 3DES encryption and decryption
Ported to the Arduino platform 2013 by Tim Riemann

Original version taken from the AVR-Crypto-Lib
(http://www.das-labor.org/wiki/AVR-Crypto-Lib)
Copyright (C) 2006-2010  Daniel Otte (daniel.otte@rub.de)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

yes, "Septenviguple" is a real word...

README.md, after:

ArduinoDES
==========

DES, TripleDES, NonupleDES encryption/decryption library for the Arduino microcontroller platform.
-- now with SeptenvigupleDES support!   -- yes, that means '27'
cloned from 'Octoate' orignal DES & 3DES:  https://github.com/Octoate/ArduinoDES
His code was ported from the AVR-Crypto-Lib (http://www.das-labor.org/wiki/AVR-Crypto-Lib).

To install the library, download and copy the files into a subfolder (e.g. "DES") in the 
"libraries" folder of your Arduino development environment.

The library was tested on a:   ...


Usage
=====

It is possible to encrypt and decrypt messages with the DES, 3DES, 9DES & 27DES crypto algorithms.
Have a look at the example code for more information.


License
=======

9DES added by ian918m 2014.  -- happy Cinqo de Mayo.
 -- & 27DES.   yes, "Septenviguple" is a real word.

Library for DES and 3DES encryption and decryption
Ported to the Arduino platform 2013 by Tim Riemann

Original version taken from the AVR-Crypto-Lib
(http://www.das-labor.org/wiki/AVR-Crypto-Lib)
Copyright (C) 2006-2010  Daniel Otte (daniel.otte@rub.de)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
